Improve `object_store crate` documentation (#2260)
apache/arrow-rs: object_store/README.md

# Rust Object Store

> A focused, easy to use, idiomatic, high performance, `async` object
> store library interacting with object stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A high performance, `async` object store crate that provides a
uniform interface for interacting with various kinds of object store
```

I think all the qualifiers is a bit much :laughing:

Author: I am practicing "marketing" -- I would like to run an experiment to see how much attention I can garner with a buzzword laden lead compared to a more utilitarian, less self-aggrandizing, summary.

Using this crate, the same binary and code can easily run in multiple
clouds and local test environments, via a simple runtime configuration
change. Supported object stores include:

* [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
* [Azure Blob Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/)
* [Google Cloud Storage](https://cloud.google.com/storage)
* Local files

> * Memory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Memory
```
